OSDOCS-12848: Added /etc/resolv.conf modification to resolve DNS conn… (#91520)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/k8s-nmstate-deploying-nmstate-CLI.adoc

EOF
----

> . Optional: If your cluster gets disconnected from a DNS server because of DNS connectivity issues, you can add the following DNS hostname configuration to the `NMState` CRD to build in health checks that can resolve these issues:

Reviewer: Rather

>. Optional: If your cluster **has problems with DNS health check probe** because of DNS connectivity issues, you can add the following DNS hostname configuration to the `NMState` CRD to **customize the health check probe configuration**:

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> . Optional: If your cluster has problems with the DNS health check probe because of DNS connectivity issues, you can add the following DNS hostname configuration to the `NMState` CRD to build in health checks that can resolve these issues:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> apiVersion: nmstate.io/v1
> kind: NMState
> metadata:
>   name: nmstate
> spec:
>   probeConfiguration:
>     dns:
>       host: redhat.com
> # ...
> ----

Reviewer 2: See the ISG guidance on [optional vs. conditional steps in procedures](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#indicating-optional-and-conditional-steps). This seems like a conditional step to me.

```suggestion
. If your cluster has problems with the DNS health check probe because of DNS connectivity issues, you can add the following DNS hostname configuration to the `NMState` CRD to build in health checks that can resolve these issues:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: nmstate.io/v1
kind: NMState
metadata:
  name: nmstate
spec:
  probeConfiguration:
    dns:
      host: redhat.com
# ...
----
```
And not to give a technical review, but does this configuration file need to be created or applied by entering an `oc` command?

Reviewer: `oc apply -f ...` is needed for this change to be effective

Author: Thanks. I added this step.
